russia siberian landscapes something
resemble pontoon at all although not quite
other
and all because here lies under water
ice frozen ground never give it away
id it is called the eternal state
permafrost
but when it is thawed
released methane which is 23 times
stronger in action than co2 scientists
fear that in a situation of global
warming this can happen
in this region are concentrated the main
Russian oil and gas reserves
well visible from above
Surgut deposits
where a lot of gas comes from
Europe from here to my house a few
thousand kilometers and looking at the pipe
gas pipeline I think how can this one know
the gas goes just there
marsh vegetation gradually
form a silt surface it looks like
on solid ground but the helicopter is not
I'll put it I've never seen such
unusual surface
but
Siberia is one of the regions of the world with the most
high temperature limit
from plus 40 degrees in summer
to -40 in winter
so low she was when we shot
Lake Baikal is so amazing
spectacle is the most ancient deepest
lake in the world and one of the largest
reservoirs of the planet water in the lake such
net that at a depth of 40 meters all
it is seen
winter due to temperature fluctuations ice
breaks cracks freezes again and
amazing ice forms are obtained and
patterns
they overlap each other throughout
lake surface
I haven't flown this amazing yet
the spectacle is like under me black and white
painting artist sticks